Open Marketing, then Campaigns.
p02
This page gathers every campaign the network runs into one list.
p03
The rest of Marketing sits in the sidebar beside it.
p04
This whole lesson is look-only, so nothing here sends or launches.
p05
Start at the top row.
p06
Four tiles hold the snapshot: active campaigns, messages sent this month,
p07
average open rate, and revenue attributed.
p08
Here the numbers are quiet, mostly zero.
p09
On a live tenant this is your fast read on how marketing is doing.
p10
Below the tiles, three panels.
p11
First, Send Volume.
p12
It draws email and text volume across the last thirty days.
p13
One glance tells you whether sending is climbing, holding steady, or falling off.
p14
Next, Campaigns by Type.
p15
This is the channel mix.
p16
Most of the network's campaigns go by email, a chunk pair email with text,
p17
and smaller slices run text-only or push.
p18
It tells you how customers are actually being reached.
p19
The third panel, Campaign Performance.
p20
It counts campaigns by state: how many are active, sitting in draft, or already wrapped.
p21
A quick pulse on where the work stands.
p22
Now scroll to the Campaign List.
p23
One row per campaign.
p24
Up top, a New Record button to build one, Export to pull the list out,
p25
plus filters and a search box to find a campaign fast.
p26
Read across the headers.
p27
Name, type, and status, then audience, sent, open rate, and revenue.
p28
Those last columns are the results, and they fill in only after a campaign sends.
p29
Here they're all dashes, because none have gone out yet.
p30
Down the status column, four states.
p31
Draft is still being built.
p32
Scheduled is set to go out later.
p33
Active is running now.
p34
Completed has finished its run.
p35
You'll see those same four words everywhere in Marketing, so learn them here.
p36
Look at the two campaigns with an extra chip.
p37
It reads weather paused, six locations.
p38
That campaign is held at those sites for weather,
p39
while its status still reads scheduled or active.
p40
If a client says a campaign stopped in one town but not another, check this chip first.
p41
Where the pause is configured is parked for a later lesson.
p42
Click New Record to open a blank campaign form.
p43
Across the top runs a set of tabs: details, content, goals,
p44
delivery, an A B test, and a weather gate.
p45
We're only here to see the shape of it.
p46
Do not save.
p47
The first tab, Campaign Details, holds the basics.
p48
A name and subject line, the type and mode, a status, a description, and the run dates.
p49
Mode is worth a look: a single send, or a drip sequence that spreads messages over days.
p50
Below it, the audience, where you'd attach who receives the campaign.
p51
Leave the way we came in: click Cancel.
p52
The form closes, nothing saved, and the list is right where we left it.
p53
One tab here, Weather Gate, we didn't open, so how the weather pause is set stays parked too.
p54
Back on the list, two ways to find a campaign.
p55
Type a name into the search box, or narrow with Filters.
p56
The footer counts the records and pages through them.
p57
Export sits up top for pulling the list out, though we won't touch it.
p58
So that's Campaigns.
p59
Four tiles for the snapshot,
p60
three panels for volume, mix, and status, and one list for the campaigns themselves.
p61
Read a status, catch a weather pause, open the form to learn its shape.
p62
All of it without sending or changing a thing.